The Joe Rogan experience.
I keep thinking that one day they're going to come up with artificial Luke
Skywalker type hands,
and that people are going to want them instead of regular hands.
That's what I'm worried about. Wow.
If they came up with an arm, it would sound.
Like metal on metal. Unless if you had the skin like simulation, it could,
I can play guitar with that. Maybe I'm talking about. So I do some wild.
I'm talking about self healing, Bulletproof,
spider silk hybrid skin like that. The government's working on.
They're working on that right now. They're working on some sort of odd.
I don't doubt it, man. I, I, I read it. I went up, you want to hear a wild one?
All right. I went on, you know, one night smoking. I went on a little YouTube,
uh, form whole situation.
And somehow I don't even know if it's a YouTube video or someone else,
but I wound up on this video that was like,
world's smartest kid thinks that CERN blew the world up in
2008. All right. And I'm like, what the?
So I go on this video, right?
And I'm watching this video and it's this young kid he's like 12.
And the talking, you know, half the, your,
you got to invest like 20 minutes into this.
Kid's talking about things that are super smart.
And it's kind of like to show you, he's super smart. You know what I mean?
This kid and his dad's doing the recording, I believe, or a relative,
somebody very close to him.
And he goes into this whole theory of how he thinks when they collided the,
the, the electrons. I believe in the, in the,
in the supercollider sorry that they cause some
crazy chain reaction that blew up the universe, but they also weighed, they,
they created an Adam that weighed too much.
And he had the first 20 minutes is also explaining infinite parallel universes.
So what the kid winds up with is this theory of like one Adam weighing too
much and weight.
And is that being just enough to shift our universe into a parallel universe?
So this guy had, this kid had me up because after I watched this,
everything I saw for months was talking about like, it would be news guy on the,
on the news. Like, I don't know what universe I'm in anymore, or, uh,
Spider-Man into the spider verse. Like all these,
everything I saw for like four or five months after watching this video was
like, multi-verse like about multi versus,
and it's got me up. Y'all I hear.
You. I'm.
Up, man. Read this kid.
Look into it says there, he claims it's CERN destroyed the universe,
doing recent experiments, which has resulted in us,
living in a nearby parallel universe instead.
You're welcome, Betty. There's a lot of people.
Online. I think this is an explanation for all the Mandela effect things.
He goes into stuff about the Mandela effect, how they, you know,
there's like apparently a bunch of people who think melody Mandela died in
prison. And like, there's, you know, as far as I know, he was released,
became president in south America. You know? I mean,
that's the university just personally, you know, but it's crazy,
dude. One, because it's not just this video, it's like you watch it.
And that YouTube algorithm starts sending you down a whole bunch of other,
you know what I mean? You start hearing and it's like it's and then again,
everything that came out there was all these shows I would see,
or movies or news things about mult.
The multi-verse all of a sudden was everywhere around me. It was nutty dude.
So I'm up about that right now.
If there was something that they can do,
if there was something they could do that might open up a door to a parallel
universe, you don't think they would do it.
Stranger things. You mean? Yeah. I'd say that's the.
Stranger things. I mean, things are strange, right? It's stranger things.
Bizarro world.
You know, what's the weirdest one is the like, well,
the people that dismiss climate change,
that is the weirdest one to me because I'm like, what is the,
I'm trying to figure out? What's the benefit of dismissing climate change.
Other than if you work for like the oil industry or something.
Excellent. Just lost the glacier. Yeah.
Like they just posted a whole thing of 10 year or 80,
like something in the eighties, a glacier picture of it. And just now and it's.
But I'm not even saying like blaming anybody for it.
I'm saying dismissing it as an issue. I'm like,
let's pretend that people have nothing to do with it. Let's just,
I wish people had nothing to do with it because then we can go, holy.
It's getting hot. Like, how hot is it going to get?
Like we could just figure it out. Like if it was just like.
Great at this point, when it's two degrees,
the oceans are hotter than they've been in.
Well, people do that where they try to say, well, this is a natural cycle.
This is something that some people still say. Right. Okay.
Even if it was just a natural cycle,
I wish humans weren't in the equation at all. So there was no argument.
I wish it would just be like, Hey guys is again, really hot.
What the do we do as if we had no control over whatsoever?
Not saying that we shouldn't take steps to fix it. And we definitely should.
But I'm saying that if it was impossible for people to have created it and it
was happening around us, maybe we would be forced to do something.
Maybe we'd be forced to like go to higher ground, get the out of that.
The really hot spots, you know, make your way towards Canada.
Like, I mean,
maybe that would what's w what we would do if there was no other way,
but we know that at least part of what the problem is is people,
at least part of the problem. But so many people are start.
They want to start arguments about that and fight that. And to me,
it's so strange. It's like,
what's the benefit of arguing against that it's happening.
I don't understand, like it's happening. You see it getting warmer.
You see the statistics, you see everybody freaking out though.
The Amazon's on fire. Have you seen it? Yeah.
Yes, no, it's horrifying. There's photos from there just,
and I believe it's purposeful.
I have heard that that is that some people are.
Way on purpose is what, um, if I, if the things I've read over and understood,
I won't swear their truth, because again,
it now that's one of the things you're saying is,
is you got to question everything now. Truth has been compromised, man.
You know what I mean? No matter what side of whatever you are on,
truth has been,
has been seriously compromised because there's a counter opinion to everything.
And if you're not, um,
adept enough to really get involved and find factual information,
you can literally counter any argument there is with, with something. Oh,
I said, well, I read this while I read this. Okay, well,
that doesn't mean either one of those things are true. Let's go find the truth.
You know what I mean?
That doesn't exist anymore because it's people just want to Google that,
get on and move on with their day. You know? And, and it's laziness on our part.
A lot of people don't want them.
It's like this thing that everybody's posting with the
Instagram, I don't give you permission to use.
EV I read a whole other thing that says the average American,
I believe signs one or two legal documents a day without reading them.
And just by logging into on your phone, Amazon or Instagram, or whatever you,
every time you do that you, you subscribing and, and,
and adhere to their terms and conditions. And some,
you think a picture of a copied and pasted Instagram thing over something that
was from Facebook 12 years ago, is it it's it's bananas.
People get roped into things, you know, once we're,
[inaudible].
Better, safe than sorry.
Yeah. Like, yeah. I've seen that too.
One argument is that they don't know how to internet.
They don't know how to internet. I'm just saying.
Even if it's like, you suspect it's wrong, but it anyways. Like, wait, wait.
That's if you suspect it's wrong,
take the extra time or just don't do it at all.
Like why? I'm just.
Using that as an example of how,
why we're with the state of things are as they are.
Yeah. It's a sneaky little loophole.
That's a sneaky little thing that happens to you. Well,
you have to everybody's posting something stupid. Did you send it to me? Oh,
whatever. Lesson it to me, it must be legitimate. Just post it.
You know what I mean? How many times have you done that? I've done that all.
As opposed to some cloud in it. And then immediately after it, Dana came up.
It was him posting the exact page with the whole like better safe than sorry
thing.
Man, dude,
they got everybody though. They got the step Perry guy.
Isn't big Perry's job to like protect the nukes or something.
I saw governor or something posted to Rick. What is Rick Perry?
They said Rick Perry. But, but he has a specific job in a government.
It's like an energy, energy secretary. He's like in control of the nukes. Right?
Is that what it is? You're the energy secretary. Yeah, you are. I don't know.
Whatever the he is. He's got a big job and he fell for it.
It's oh.
It's bizarro world. We're in.
Bizarro world. Maybe that kid is right. I'm telling.
You, dude, you're.
Yo, you're going to be calling me in a couple of nights. Like, you, dude.
Why did you even tell me no,
I've really I've bounced the idea of multiple universities.
Many times we all have, but this kid watch it just, you're going to invest it,
give it 20 minutes or 15, 18 minutes, whatever it is. And then you'll be like,
oh wow. It's it's not that it's. Oh fact it's but it's like, wow,
that's super possible. It's super, super possible. The way he breaks it down.
What about this? What if every time you went to sleep and you woke up,
you passed into a nearby and very similar
universe, but not quite the same.
And depending upon your choices and how you live your life,
it's how you wake up in what new one you pop into on the other side.
And everyone's just a little bit different.
The whole world changes just a little bit.
Each time you make a decision one way or another.
Everything changes when you wake up and you think the world is static because it
is when you're awake, but you have no idea what's happening while you're asleep.
And when you wake up again, you have this foggy recollection of the past,
and that's what you're going by. You're going by every morning,
waking up with a foggy recollection of the past. That's what you're doing.
And you're, you're assuming that nothing's changed and everything static.
And while you were asleep for eight hours, nothing weird happened.
You know what the you're talking about? You have no idea. You're dreaming you.
Haven't crazy fantasies. That weird stuff has happened. And you're mermaids.
You're flying through the air on a, uh, on a helicopter. You know, you don't,
you weird things happen when you're dreaming. What is all that about?
We don't even know. We have no idea what that is. That soup of possibilities.
That's swirling around in between your ears while you're snoring up a storm.
And then boom, you wake up. Are you sure those memories are real?
Are you sure that this isn't a whole completely new university living in today
or a simulation Or simulation?
There was some acid simulations.
Right there. There was some another genius,
super wizard kid who was talking about that. Something about simulations.
I forgot what.
Well, I was high at the house with, with the guy who runs my studio divine and,
and, and, and we were just laughing, talking one day high. Like,
like what if, like I may have heard, this could have been on your show.
I could have read this. So I'm not claiming like ownership of the thought,
but it was like, what if like we just come from a universe,
like that's so perfect and, and it's boring as.
And we just plug in to have all these up like weird problems.
And that's why everything's getting weirder and crazier because like,
that's kind of why we're here. That's part of the ride. You know.
That could be it.
It could be the only way you appreciate love is to know hate.
They'll really appreciate it.
And it could be the only way we would appreciate all the good that we have is to
balance it out with all the bad that we have.
And when they start to overwhelm each other one way or the other,
there's an imbalance that takes place and leads to all of our problems as a
society. And when you,
you think about how long you going to be alive and what it is that you're
doing here and why you're doing it, you know,
all those weird questions and answers that go on inside your head. It's all,
you're distributing energy, right? You're trying to figure out,
am I distributing my energy, right? My, uh,
am I living my life in a way that is, uh,
like the best I can do with what I've got right now?
That's it.
That's all you gotta do though. I mean, honestly,
even no matter what we're saying,
if you woke up every day and that was your objective,
you couldn't really go or do much wrong.
No, no you can't. And what if every day when you did that,
you woke up in a nearby universe.
That was just a little bit different because of what you thought and did.
Dude, that's like, you know, that's some magic type.
Nevertheless, it's a movie. It's magic.
Oh, I see. I see. Okay. I was, I was, uh, I just was like trying to be a,
not such a glutton siloed
DJ melody over there. I was just wondering.
Cheers. How about cheers? Let's go American. Cheers. Cheers. Cheers.